I mean you can. Yeah, just like we can remember at least. Yeah. Okay. So can you explain the idea? Oh, sorry, that was a bit hard. Our general idea is like to try and make meeting up with your friend group easier because there's often a situation where like... Wait, ask her. Okay. What? What is your scenario? Where's your task? Hold on. No, no, I'm just kidding. Where's your initial... meet up with your friends how do you do that imagine you're trying to meet up with like four plus friends three plus friends um suppose you're the organiser as well so I we've already decided that I'm organising the meeting you've decided you've decided you want to go somewhere with your friends and you want to try and organise it you know where you want to go Oh, that's easy. Oh, I already decided I want to go. But I just decided I want to see them. What can you do for me to message a segment? You make a WhatsApp group chat for me to do. With more people. Yeah, more people. Imagine it's like more people. You would message, right? If it's like a group of people you don't have a group chat with, I'd make a group chat. Okay. If I have like a thing in mind that I want to invite people to. What kind of thing would you message on this group chat? Hello, bowling, win people free, and then make a poll. Make a poll. Okay. This is good so far. This is what we want to hear. Well, if you know the doodle polls, I think a doodle charge is now available. I don't know the doodle polls. I think Tom did one thing on the barbecue day. Okay, I did not do that. Not a doodle poll, but that sort of thing where it's like, oh, maybe... Can you make it or not? Yeah, but it's quite informal, so it's fine. Right. I can tell you what my issue with meeting my friends is. Yeah, please, go for it. We have nobody who's really willing to push things. Asymmetry. Wait, why? So a lot of us are like, we're all quite... We're all quite like, oh, we'll go, but someone else has to suggest it. And then people are like... Can you please record these exact words? Well, they're being recorded, but you're talking over them. Are you recording? I thought you said, like, it's an informal interview. It's informal, but... But, yeah, no, we really struggle to, like, actually kind of... make a plan. It's like, oh, I want to see you guys. And I was like, yeah, I want to see you. And then we just don't do anything. Okay. And then someone has to be like, I really want to go to an art gallery. What happens then when someone says that? Do people cheer up and be like, yeah, I'll go? Sometimes people do. I think there's once a few people do, everyone does. But it's like there's that fear of being the only person who kind of says yes. So no one wants to say yes first? Okay. Okay. That's the exact thing we're like trying to solve basically. Okay. Do you think of anything else? Well, like when you're deciding on like a time to go, what's like the most important thing? factor on a time yeah yeah like a day at a time like say you have like a few different options for like days to go on how do I pick what I'm available for or how do we all pick like how do you pick I think we just go to the person the thing that's got the most people okay yeah and if they're equal that's just awkward I don't know you pick one you pick who you'd rather go with instead of just a guest but like it's a bit more awkward right now Usually you have one that's got more people. Yeah. I guess it's more interesting in the case where they have the same amount of people. Imagine that case. But then there's just a lot of politics. I think someone just goes, oh, can we just do Saturday? And someone will go, oh, poo, I can't make it. And they just not do it. Or we'll go, oh, let's do two meetups and then we have to do the second one. What do you do if you want everyone to go? So it's not like some people can't. If I really need everyone to make it. You're trying to, yeah. Is that another bad question? Do you not like that question? That's a good question, okay. What would you do? It ain't happening. And it's split. It's not happening, okay. It's not happening. I think the difficulty is some of my friends are like, some of them have graduated uni, some of them are like not in London. So it's very much based on kind of who's available where. Yeah, because you're like 22, right? Yeah, I'm old. I'm increasing the age range of your... It's true. That's true, actually. Yeah, it's good. Diverse state quality. Okay. No, they don't want that. They want us to be, like, narrowed. Oh, don't worry, it's fine. Anything else? Can I ask my question about if someone isn't... Okay. You don't need that. Well, yeah, but you told me my questions weren't great earlier, and I'm about to repeat a lot. You know, you guys are meant to have planned this. Oh, we kind of have. It's in here. It's in here. Okay. Imagine... You put out your poll and someone, maybe one or two people haven't done the poll. Oh, I hate it. It pisses me off. What do you do? So the way I do my polls is I put like a maybe option so that people shut the fuck up. Okay. Because it really annoys me when people are like, oh, maybe I can make it, maybe I don't. And they don't answer my poll. And I'm like, where are you going? Are you coming or not? What do you do about the maybes? The maybes, well, I don't deal with it very well. Okay. Some of my friends, the way they deal with the maybes, they're like, you can put maybe, but you have to explain it. You have to explain why you're putting a maybe. Because then it's like, you're not going to put that unless it's justified. You've got to think about it a bit as well. You know the maybe people who are like, oh, maybe if something better comes up, I won't go? They don't deserve to do that. But yeah, maybe I'll put that. No, don't worry. I'm okay. Don't worry. Yeah. Yeah, when you said maybe, that was quite key to what we're doing. Yeah, I don't know. The maybes are... You need to know. I think that stuff like the Doodle Polls and whatever the other thing is, is they have that, like, oh, maybe I can make an option. I can definitely make up. And then you can see, like, oh, six people put yes, four people put maybe, and that's probably better than the six people put yes, no one put maybe. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Imagine six people put maybe, four people put yes. What are you going to do? For a specific day? Yeah. Versus, oh, that's just the only day available. Because usually I'd probably re-pick it. You'd re-pick a day. I needed everyone there. Okay. So you wouldn't... But if the key group that I had in mind to go to the art gallery with me is the yeses, I'd probably go. Okay. Interesting. So... That's kind of useful though. It's like dependencies, right? Yeah. Yeah, anything else? Did you just say dependencies? Like friend dependencies. If you guys are making me put something in which says I'm only going if Jess goes, I can't do that. I wouldn't be able to say it out loud. Regardless of how private it is. That's like a retire plan. Regardless of how private it is, I would feel so awkward actually writing down which of my friends I wanted to see. I don't think I'd be able to do that. Maybe I could... I wouldn't be able to say no to a friend, like, you know? Maybe I could, like, rate how important they are, or something. Like, some friends are maybe a little bit more important there. Like, oh, I really want this person there, and this person's a little less important. But, like, there's no way I could say no. So you could rank them, but you couldn't... I couldn't rank... No, no, no. I could be like, oh, it's very important, this person's there. It's important, but I wouldn't go below the halfway line. LAUGHTER Does that make sense? That would feel so mean, even if they can't see. If it's very important someone's there and they're not there, what would you want to know? You want to know they're not there, right? Before confirming you're a tenant. Yeah, I don't know. It sounds like you're doing eBay bidding, but for friends. I just don't know. It's hard to say no. It's hard to be like, no, actually. Because what if actually the person I said, oh, I really want to go with them, isn't there? But everybody else is. I'd probably say go. I like my friends. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, fine. I didn't think about that. Do we want to demo this at all, a little bit? Sure. All right, so this is our current app. So like here you've got things you these are like meetups right with different groups You can see like bouldering with the climbing group the time you've yet to respond to them If you go down you can see going ones, yeah declined ones then you can see the groups you're in I'm sorry it's a lot of the boys but don't worry You can have a look at who's in the group if you click on it. Yeah Yeah, you can also suggest a meet So anyone can add to any of the groups. I think you need to... I don't even know how we're doing that right now. Anyone can suggest that we... Oh, add to group. You've got to be the owner of the group, right? Add to group. I'm meant to tell you what I'm thinking, so I'll just have a play. Yeah, it's fine. I am going to the... I don't know. I'm having a looky. The... bouldering session you can't make it I'd say I I mean just as somebody who absolutely hates the new Microsoft summary thing I'm okay it's very hard to like know what days you're actually talking about yeah okay I'll see 20th of June and I'll go well That's a day. I don't even know if it's a Monday or not. I don't know why I didn't see that button. That was a really obvious button. That's not your fault. Thoughts on that? Is that the kind of thing you'd like to see? Well, that should probably be an actual location. Yeah, you're right. The duration you haven't got... You probably want duration. That's so true. Yeah, okay. I guess some of this stuff is like, I might go see my... I might invite friends to my house, and it's a drop-in thing. Versus like, if we're going on a run, we kind of got to start at the same time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. That's true. So maybe... I don't know. I don't know how that works. Maybe some things are very, like, there's a very short time frame. Imagine you're going to the park with friends and then you're going to go and eat later. What would you want to see on a description of an event for that? Like, how would you want that? Probably something, like, a little less formal than park than eat. Okay. But it would probably be, like... If it was just in, like, a description box, like it is on all these... Oh, that's not even... There's none on there. Well, imagine there was one. Imagine there was a description box. Can I just make one with the description? No. Okay. I don't know if that's going to work. I don't know. I think... It's very... I can't imagine... Because there's no... There's no way to talk to anybody about this. I assume I already have a WhatsApp group with them? Yes. So... We don't really want people going back to that site. Where's your rich user integration? Because then like... Why would you bother going here if you're on WhatsApp anyway? Just asking. That's the problem. Okay. Yeah. I don't know. I would want to... If I already had a WhatsApp chat and everything, I probably don't need any information. But if this is, like, this is how I'm inviting people and we don't have another chat for it, I probably want quite a lot. Like, oh, this is the plan, maybe. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, some people would be like, oh, come at ours for six, we're eating at eight. You know? Okay. Or, like... Park 12 to 3. So it seems like this would work for you and your friends. Like this kind of flow. It's not like really foreign. It's foreign to download an app for this. I think a website would be less Stressful. We had the debate with a WhatsApp bot as well to talk to you and get the time from each person. It's kind of funny, but I don't think we can for the app yet. I don't know for us yet. But I just... There are all those apps which are like, oh, find dates with your friends. And they do that. I'm sure they do it well, but... I'm not downloading shit for that. Like, I'm already scared to make an account for some of these apps. So, I don't know. But... Yeah, that's a fair criticism. But that should be easy if you do. Okay, never mind. Yeah. One question. Like, you said, like, your friends, from your friend group, one of the problems was no one really wants to step ahead to do something. Yeah, yeah. Did you talk about how, like, suggesting is less than organising? So you might have the notion of "I want to see my friends in the spoons maybe in the next few weeks or something" Yeah yeah But you don't want to specify a time, you don't want to... Yeah it's a hell of a... You don't want to message "Yo you free on this day" "No I'm not free, I can't come" Yeah, people are like "Oh no sorry can't come but when can you come?" Yeah, so like would it be good if you could push forward the notion of this thing will happen in a big time window with an unspecified time Yes, yeah yeah Like with the doodle poly. I like those. They're hard to get people to fill in. I like them. I think that's part of the issue with this is when you do the suggested meetup, like I have to put in a hard time. I actually had it on the soft one and then Lucas dragged my skirt. Yeah, yeah. Like, there's no way I'm going to... Because I, for example, if I'm free all day and I put 3pm, other people are going to read that and go, oh, 3pm, I can't do 3pm. But I want to see them at 5, that's fine. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely some time range thing. But you have to find a... You have to have a way of specifying the time to actually do it. So, I thought, like, two ways is, like, one way is kind of long. You can specify, like, what are the times you're free, but no one's going to fill that out. So I think what it might look more like is a simpler flow. It's just you input one time or a couple of times that you think you could attend, everyone puts that in, or as many people as they can, and at the end you have a very small poll of the times chosen. And hopefully one of them wins. Yeah, that makes sense. I mean, basically, so you're emulating, like, the chat thing. Yeah. Where people are like, oh, can we do Saturday? Yeah. But the problem with the chat is, like, some people can't be asked, and then they start talking about some random bullshit, and it gives you, like, a bunch of messages. Do you remember the barbecue set-up? They were, like, chatting about it, and then there was a bunch of stuff, random stuff in the middle on pancakes, and then, like... comes back later it's just like it's a mess it's really hard to know no it's tough like Nathan couldn't find out which train he was getting because that conversation was in a place he didn't expect I also check the national rail times on discord that's how I do it too um yeah yeah like the trains everyone was I don't know um yeah I don't know I just I like seeing my friends I think I care less about what we do though I just want to see them But that might be because I see them very rarely at the moment. It's just nice to hang. I'll do anything. I'll go anywhere. Even a way to suggest locations, as well as suggesting times, suggesting locations is kind of nice. Because otherwise you have to have someone quite passionate about going somewhere. We just end up at the same person's house every time. That's how it is. But it's not good for her, but, you know. I'm just having a very interesting idea. Like, we could make it, like, more collaborative as well. This is a bit of a... a push. You don't need a Google Doc to be able to collaborate with a document. You can collaborate on organising a meetup. You see what I'm on about. Don't make it a Google Doc though. Probably not a Google Doc. What, is it like all make different suggestions as to where to go? Yeah, it's like some people might suggest different things. Some people might be more constrained on time. It's like word clouding. Yeah, so some people might suggest only sometimes. Maybe someone knows the spots in London. You get a fatty friend who loves eating. You know, bacon's just the place to eat maybe. I don't know. He's nodding at his own mouth. It's not a terrible idea, is it? No, I quite like it. A little bit of a pivot, but I think that's okay. I quite like the idea of... Because I might have some ideas of where we can go, but I don't really care. It's like you split the load across your friends. It's kind of fun. It's like you can plan together. Yeah, and then you can suggest things that actually people might not want to go to without feeling like you're dragging everyone to it. I quite like that. Yeah. Basically, the location and time and activity of things will find heart. Basically, the whole thing. Apart from the who's going. is the whole rest of it is. Well, the who's going is part of it. Everything is messed up. It's really hard to see my friends. Yeah. Even though I don't. Yeah. RIP. You want your phone back? I mean, I don't, yeah. That was really helpful. Thanks. I don't actually know if it was. But, no, it was. I think I just found out in, like, saying, let's completely abandon what we're

Transcribed by https://www.uniscribe.co