Also like we have lab noises in the background of things. Doesn't matter we had it in all of the interviews. This is not... It's not that deep. Fine. Should we go to a secure location? So, Nathan I want to imagine, wait are we doing clashing times? No, we need to show the app. Not yet, no we don't have it in the app, what's the point? We're doing like user needs testing, okay? Is that a thing? I need you to shut up. But, am I doing like setting up the time or clashing times? Clash of Clans? Shut up. What is username tech like? It's like we're trying to work out what he normally does so we can have a vague idea of what we might propose. To find out whether the change time feature is actually necessary. Is that like you set a time and then people want to change it? Okay. Right, Nathan, I want you to imagine... Try and sound as much as possible, not like a complete sub-studio. Do not use any technical words at all, like subset or anything. Just speak like a complete like... Just literally talk like a road man if you want. Can I talk like an idiot? Because last time they caught immediately you were a CS student somehow. As soon as you're... Yeah, they were like, was that a CS student? Was that a dog person? And we were just there like, uh... Okay, ready? I want you to imagine that you're arranging... You've decided you want to go watch a movie with your mates. And you're arranging it, right? And you've got all your friends together. Maybe you're on a group chat or something. And you need to work out the time for when you're going to watch the movie, right? Okay. What do you do? I would probably... Set up like a poll or something, you know, sort of ask everybody what times work for them and then whatever time works for the most people. Something like that. Okay, like a poll. Tell me more about the poll. So what do you do? On apps like WhatsApp, you can just sort of set up a poll where you can look at what times the movie is playing. And you'd be like, "Guys, the movie is playing at these times, so, you know, if you can go at this time, just put that onto the poll." And then you have, like, a sort of list of people that can go. Okay, so you, like, expecting all your buddies to, like... Okay, imagine you've got this poll, and there's, like, three times. If I only pick one time, I can only make one time. Is that how you're thinking about it? Yeah. Okay, so if I could make two, I should click two. It's not like a preference. It's like, okay. And you're just happy with taking the majority? Like, the time that the majority of people take? Even if that means someone can't make it. It just feels like most of the time that's the easiest thing to do, because otherwise it's sort of... I mean you're trying to make the pieces fit when they can't. Some people can't go at some times. I don't know, it just feels like taking the majority is just the easiest way to ensure that the most people get to go. So you're happy with sacrificing some people and you wouldn't think about looking at different days? Compared to what you suggested? Yeah, I guess that would be an option. I mean, the poll is just to see what's going on, what kind of availability people have. Because if it's really, if the majority isn't like super apparent, like you know if it's four people can go on one day and five people can go on the other, then I guess having another conversation about that might be useful. What if you really want everyone to go and you've got a split? What are you going to do then? I mean I guess if I really really wanted everyone to go the only option would just be to postpone it to a later date when everyone can go. Okay, all right. Now imagine you're instead going to the park. So it's not like set times when you can watch the movie. What do you do then if there's a split on times people can make it? I feel like usually with those kind of events where people can sort of just, where it's not super set, like when people need to arrive, it's just like you still do the same thing where you're like, what times can everybody make it? But then, I mean, if people show up, can't show up at the time, but they can show up sometime later, then they just do that. So, I mean, it's just like choosing a time where a lot of people can be there on time and then everybody else can just show up. Would you use a polygon for that? I feel like you would just set a time to be there and then whatever time you can be there, you just show up there. What about if I can't make it on the day? I can make it like tomorrow? I mean, I guess it's sort of the same thing. I don't know. I guess usually like... I guess usually the problem is like, because if you're talking about one day, I feel like usually people are busy for certain times of the day rather than like being busy the entire day with something. So, I mean, I feel like a lot of times it's just about like what time during the day works with those kind of events. What would you do if I didn't fill in the poll? And it's been like two days and you're trying to meet up in four days time from when you did the poll. So you've got two days left. I mean, I feel like at that point I would just personally tell you or ask you when you can go or to fill out the poll. What if I, okay, so you'd kind of like chase me up? I think I would, yeah. Okay. What would you do if I was really unhelpful and just like never got back to you? Or said, I don't know, maybe? I mean, I don't know. It depends on how important you were to me going. If you were my best friend and I needed you to go, I would be more pushing for you to answer. But if you were just kind of one of the friends and I was like, "Okay, it's fine if you don't go," then I would just kind of leave you to do whatever. Margaret, any other questions Lucas? Nah, it's okay. Really? So we just got the poll? What were you looking for? I'm trying to, I don't know, maybe I'm trying to get at the... Do you want me to say something? No, just like, how we resolve the time issue. Oh. Yeah, but that doesn't resolve it, that gains the information about the time issue. Why not like... So it's not like a poll but like intervals because then you can do different days and intervals intervals intervals. You say I'm available these times. Like these intervals. Okay. I guess. But like yeah what can you do. I kind of got the impression that if most of the people can make it and you've still got a time clash you know you would just go ahead with most of the people. No it's fine. No because it's cool it's going to summarize.

Transcribed by https://www.uniscribe.co