Yeah, no sneezing. He's all mine. Oh, Tom, come on. Hello, Tom. Oh, hello, that was quick. Oh, sorry, yeah. Alright, so my whole team's here. Hello. Yeah, that's James. What's up? That's Lucas. And Nelson's in the background sneezing. Very good. yeah i sent you a a link to uh a website yeah could you share your screen so we can watch you go through i can do thank you very much um yeah cool so i guess why is it so thin why is it what why is it so thin uh it's like holy resolution it's a mobile it's meant to be for your phone It's just easier to test it without you don't have to download anything. Yeah. Yeah. So do you want him to just give me feedback? Yeah, just like talk about everything you're thinking as you go through. And okay, well, the first thing I thought is that this is not the aspect ratio. Yeah, that's very fair point. What's the resolution of your monitor or laptop? Oh, is it my monitors? Yeah, perhaps it's slightly better. All right, fair enough. What's it like? It's trying to like not sound like a computer science. Oh yeah, we got told off for only interviewing doc students. So if you can sound non-technical, that would be amazing. Oh, right. Roadman slang. Not roadman slang. Don't think about like the tech behind any of the things you're looking at. Focus on being an end user. Okay, we should let him talk. It's rather simple to use. I know what everything does already. It's very basic as of right now. There's like no explanation. There's no tool tips. I'm thinking like What is a group? Okay, I'm gonna create a group. The voices are good. This is an example. I'll create the group. Okay, so we're now on the groups tab. That's fine. Okay, and then this has changed suddenly. That makes sense. Alright, let's do one of these. Okay, that makes a lot of sense. So you can only pick dates in the future. That's quite good. Very good. Fantastic UX. Cool. I can't select the date. Oh, no, there we go. I was just stupid. That's my fault. This might be easier on phone. Yeah, it's better on phone. It's a bit cursed. Yeah, I'm going to put that down to lock. Cool. Okay, fine. Do the start. Okay, so that's scheduled now. Locks in 28 days. Wednesday, 1st of July. Okay. So, fine. It looks better on the phone, I promise. Yeah, no, no, I understand. Yeah, no, I can even do this. Yeah, yeah, this is fine, don't worry. So I can't click confirm. Oh, because there's no one else in the group. Is there anywhere I can add someone else to the group? Oh, there we go. Alright James, I know you're there. Is there no, do you not have to accept a request? Can I just add anyone? It doesn't matter, this is not part of the core experience yet. Like, onboarding will happen later. We're thinking about the meetups right now. We assume the groups are in place. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, that's fair enough. So now there's people in the group, we can do... Oh, I see, so you can pick the people you actually like. I like that feature, that's quite cool. Because you don't want to be stuck with somebody that you don't want to go with. Yeah, that's fun. So that's been locked in and I can't change that decision. Would it be possible to make it so that you can change your decision afterwards? So if things have been discussed and I'd rather have it that I was with this person, then you could change your lock-in. You can, I think. Go back to that screen. I might make the button more clear based on the feedback. There's a very small little change. I definitely make that slightly bigger. I'll make it pink as well. Okay. Yeah, that's fair. And then I'm guessing after that timer goes down, it reveals everybody who's going. Yeah, that's the idea for this stage. And for this iteration, what we're really looking for is like, that is like the concrete time. So you kind of, the organiser picks a time and a place for an event to happen. But also sometimes you're like, you're kind of unsure of when you want it to be or you kind of want to allow multiple options for when people want to go. So if you go back to, onto like create suggest a meetup see if you can uh first of all i won't tell you what to do see if you can just figure it out or if i need to make it more clear yeah um like how to very good i might make it bigger still very good how to do what sorry like like propose allow multiple options like the meetup time oh yeah yeah that's that's right that's it um i could do meetup too just for this case um And then we could do... Is the location... It seems optional, so I'll leave it as it is. We might do 3rd, 6th, 26th. One thing I would say is, like, maybe we make this, like, an option for it to be relative from today, because... It feels like if I said in two days time or Wednesday this week would be much more convenient than having to type out the date entirely every time. That's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that would just be slightly more convenient. Yeah. Okay. And then the next option would be the day after, let's say, at the same time. Okay. yeah on moodball you get a like weird rotary thing but like on yeah yeah i understand okay and then we can just add as many as you want i have a suggestion why why what's the point of these being separate So why don't we just have so like here we have added time Why don't we have the UI so that when you go onto this page? There's just one option with a add a time below it So by default is only one but we can remove it all the way down to any that being one option. I do like that Yeah, I will tell you the reason why I did this initially not about it's correct it's just like imagine it's like a football match like I wouldn't spoil what's about to come. I'll explain after but if you exit this screen you'll see why. But I think that might be a better idea than this. Okay so now this one has two options. And then we can do both of these so which ones work which one don't so if I can do that one and then like imagine you're someone else in the group like we can't do this here because you have one tab but like someone else could press at a time as well if like none of those times work for them as well they could float Oh yeah, that's very good. Yeah, I think that's good. Once a lot of people can make a time. So this is my saved preference now. Yeah, it all makes sense. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah, fine. And then once it gets locked in, does it become one of these? - Yes, it should do. It should become the you're in, you're in if thing after. But I guess like, the main purpose of this interview is to interview about specifically this like multi-type feature. Are you like, how does lock in work and whatnot? And I think big James will take over. - Okay. We were just wondering like in general, assuming you're not using this app like in your normal group chats, how do you normally decide on a time for a meetup to begin with? Well normally there's just like one guy who is normally just always the same guy who just offers a time and that's either you make it or you don't and there's not really any changes from that. Okay, what would happen if no one could really make that time? The plan would dwindle and die very quickly. Okay. And suppose somebody else suggested a time. How would you as a group decide between these two times? What makes one of these times better than another? I'm not entirely sure. I think that what would likely happen, although this isn't always consistent, is that there'd be confusion over which time to pick and I think in terms of people not wanting to commit to either one meaning that the plan would probably just not work anyway. Okay. And so if there was too many timers flying around there wouldn't be enough consensus for one thing to be chosen. Interesting. Yeah. Do you like with your friends is a time initially proposed and changed after that between the time being proposed and you actually meet it um it's very rare that if a time doesn't work that the meeting ever goes ahead okay that's interesting normally normally something else just pops up instead okay do you want to ask the last question jim i'm not sure what you're not what oh oh oh okay yes but um i mean who has the final say normally is that one person or do you agree as a group like in terms of like who's the final sorry Everybody has the final say, yeah. But in terms of who has a say on when and what is happening, it's the first person to speak. But obviously everybody has to agree for it to actually happen. Yeah. Okay. So what I'm asking now is like now we're moving a bit away from like the, those aren't really abstract questions, but these are going to be more concrete in terms of the app. In terms of interface, the idea is you suggest multiple times and everybody can chime in and add a time that suits them and people vote. But of course the event is going to happen sometime in the future and if it's really close in the future then you need to decide on a time. So basically they're locked in. So if you click on walk around uni parks, sorry meet up Oh, sorry, meetup two, maybe I might be tweaking. Yeah, you see at the bottom, there's like for the organiser. Right now, the way we've temporarily done it is that only the organiser, i.e. the person who first suggested it, presses the lock-in button, kind of arbitrarily, just whenever they feel like it. So this was one way we thought of doing it. Another way we think of doing it is like, when you suggest a meetup multiple times, the organiser says, "By this date, by this time, everyone must be locked in." So it's like it's decentralised more. So it's less like the organiser has more power and it's more symmetrical across everyone. It's kind of just like, "By the time we hit this deadline, everyone must have responded on this poll." Which one do you think would fit more with your friend groups in your experiences? I think the deadline would be a better choice. But I think the deadline would only work if there was a push for people to actually answer it. You know like Be Real, it's kind of like, it goes off, ding, ding, ding. It'll be kind of like that. There should be a push notification closer when the deadline ends or maybe when it starts as well to make sure people get in it. Yeah, okay, so you think the decentralised one works more. As an organiser, like someone who suggests something, do you think it's too much work to kind of decide when the lock-in time should be? Or do you think that's like... Because we're trying to make it so suggesting a meet-up has very little friction. Because we don't want people to play with the interface too much and get confused on screens and spend too long on something. So instead... Is it valuable enough for the organiser to decide when suggesting a meetup initially when the lock-in time should be in this case? Or do you think it somehow can be postponed? Or a different solution entirely? We're not sure. I think one way you could potentially make it frictionless is having it like a reasonable default, like lock-in time. So if you have it like by default an event locks in the day before or something like that to give everyone notice. I don't think that adds much of a choice onto the organizer. Well, that's good. I like that. And then like if you do want to specify a different one, different lock-in time, you'll feel free. Yeah, you should definitely have the option to do so. That's good. Yeah. Cool. You said before, um, You mentioned that you didn't really see the point of the difference between the single time option and the multiple time options. And what we have right now is only on the multiple time options do you have the opportunity to actually click at a time. Whereas with the original one, if it's just a single set time, you just immediately say, oh, I'm going, I'm not going. And there's no option for adding a time. What do you think about that? I... Yeah, I think that's an interesting question. I didn't think of it like that. I think that there should be an option for a user to have just a single proposed time, but also have that stage where users, their friends can add, like, can propose their own times. So, like, maybe something like it's default, but that you can propose more times, but on concrete events, like maybe there's a checkbox or... something a switch that you can hit which is like this is a concrete event you cannot change it yeah like a football match or a cricket match yeah yeah yeah definitely i think i think there should be an option between the two and i think that when you do have to decide between multiple times there should be a way for the proposer to propose only one or even none if they don't know when they want to do something Yeah. Oh, on the topic of that, this is a bit naughty because it's getting beyond the situation. But just to ask ahead, like, sometimes I feel like friends want to... This is going off of my instinct, and this isn't based too much on interviews at the moment. But I feel like friends sometimes want to meet up. They want to float the notion of a meet-up, but... not immediately set a time at all. So maybe just float the idea of, I want to go to the pub with my friends in the next few weeks, sometime in the evening, something like that. Is that something you think is useful that you think should have an extra option? So if you go on to suggest a meet-up, for example. Meet-ups... Then like next to set a time, a few options, there'll be one more, like float an idea, or just something that's less concrete even than, like I think from what we've talked to you so far, we'll probably squeeze those two together right now, set a time and a few options, and add like a slider tick box for concrete events, but do you think it should be a different option for... less concrete things or maybe a different solution entirely? I definitely think that's an interesting idea and it could be quite interesting to go down. I think there are definitely cases when people want to do something but are too nervous to submit an official thing asking for people to commit because oftentimes the plan might fall through and it's a lot of pressure on the organiser itself to make the jump in proposing one of these ideas. And so I think in that case, I think yeah, I think that would be a useful feature to add. But I think something that might be quite important for it is that the organisers should have an option to be anonymous, sorry, anonymous in their suggestion of these closing ideas. Oh, I like that. That's very cheating. Why do you want like that as an option? Just because I feel like people always are really self-conscious of being the one to push things. And nobody likes being the one that is like making people commit to ideas or chasing people up or requiring that people make decisions. And so by being able to make it like an anonymous thing, there's no pressure on that person at all to have any sort of involvement or like... It's more of a consensus than one person giving a proposal, which I think would be beneficial. Is that how you feel personally about that? When you personally organise things? Personally, I'm probably more outgoing than that. I don't mind if people don't want to do something, but I can definitely speak on behalf of others that I know people who would benefit from something like that. yeah genuinely fantastic thanks tom no not oh no oh a few more things oh you got a few more oh okay yeah sorry tom um just like go back and a few things um like broadly speaking do you think it's um beneficial to actually like be able to suggest multiple times for a meetup as an organizer or Is it like the most common scenario or like the most important scenario just being able to like suggest one singular date and time? I definitely think it's more common to have one singular date and time. I think it's important to have the option to do both. I can't see when having a choice would ever like be a deficit to the system. Okay. But would you find this would actually be you know useful like sure you could have the choice But would you actually be like often using this like in your scenario? Sorry, are we talking about still a bit where we're just suggesting multiple times Do you find yourself often that you're like open to like multiple times or like maybe let's say you're watching him I don't know I guess if you an example could be like going to see a movie at the cinema and there's like set showings for the movie, right and Yeah, I think that's a useful feature. I'd definitely use it if I were to use this. Okay. And also, as far as the actual interface is concerned, like the drop-down calendar, would you say that's easier to use than just typing in the numbers MMDDYYYY? Yes, I'd say it's definitely easy to use. Okay, very good. One more little push from the calendar thing, just for fun. It's like, you know how you said it'd be good if it was relative time? In your head, does that by default look like a drop-down of the next few days? Or do you think it'd be interesting if it kind of pre-suggested a few common times in the future that are just very quick to press? Because... I think some people are lazy, they can't even be asked to click on the calendar dates, they just want to press "this Saturday 9pm" or "this Saturday evening" and then auto-generate a few times that just make your life a bit easier. Yeah, I'm not entirely sure what the best way to design that UI would be, but the way I'm imagining it in my head is that

Transcribed by https://www.uniscribe.co