
What do you say? I said, I've never been more ready for anything, okay. Okay, so I mean you already filled in the form so just like, Pretty much the exact same questions. Well, not actually. Um, Right. Okay, so I guess for you individually like How often do you have that problem?

Where You just like struggle to meet up with your friends. Um,

Peacefully often, but it kind of I guess the the reason for failure kind of depends a little bit, right? It's it's not so much as It's almost more a lack of suggestion than the lack of execution. If, you know, when you say lack of suggestion, do you mean like, suggesting like what to do or, like, where to go?

Or just like, yeah, or even suggesting to meet up in the first place, right? Which could potentially be the issue? I, I guess it's kind of, like, it would be, it's a fool like, it would be nice to be able to meet up to see these people, but it's just kind of like the expectation almost that it won't work out and people would just say no.

Yeah. Are you usually the person who like asks to meet up with people and like end this shit tries to initiate like a group Meetup or just like an individual Meetup? Was usually just like, Let it happen. I feel like I mean, yeah. Most of the time I would say I'm I'm probably not the main guy to do it but like So you hear me up?

So I'm normally the only one who actually wants to do it so after that, you know, I mean, I don't know. But um, I think more generally I think I I I do it like decently often but not super often. And when you, when you do like suggest it, do you like suggest a concrete plan of, like, exactly what to do or do you just say like, Oh, we should meet up and like ask what?

Like when people's free and stuff and ask what to do?

I tried to address and take like a nice approach to start where I'm like, yeah. When do you guys want to do something? And then if people are just like hella Vape can like just declare a time in place and you know, but I kind of it was kind of different.

Yeah. And when you do like initiate, Does it feel like very asymmetric effort? Like you have to like, steer the entire shirt, like start to finish. For like getting the meat stuff to happen. Yeah, but at the same time, um, To be fair, the meetups that I'm like, considering or the ones I typically plan are not like super, Like planning heavy, right?

It's it's most of the time like it's either same place that we normally go to or in a similar age. Time to we normally go to that place or it's like Um, what you call it? Or, it's like the book one thing, and it takes like five minutes. It's nothing.

It's nothing that crazy, right? Um, But I guess in that sense. Yes it is asymmetric because I guess in those cases I am the one doing the booking or something like I don't know. Yeah but it's not like Yeah, something to a crazy extent. Yeah, that makes sense. Um, And when like plans, like don't work out.

How do you feel about that? I'm sorry you cut out. I think when plans don't work out. How do you feel about that? Uh, you know, it's unfortunate I feel like Um, It kind of it does kind of depend, but I think, I think most of the time I'm like, that's that sad, you know, I think it's it's it's unfortunate to miss an opportunity.

I guess it kind of it. Mainly depends on how The event itself, the people who are coming Etc, like all these factors, but I don't know, you know, it's, it's unfortunate when I found a platform supports. Yeah. And let's say, You're in like a group chat with like a bunch of people and somebody else suggests a meet-up.

Uh, do you ever say maybe? Oh, I'm so bad at this. Yeah, I definitely identity. Why do you say maybe? What does maybe mean? Um, maybe means It's It's a nice copper. Maybe it's a nice couple, to be honest. It's kind of like um, I think I'm pretty bad at.

How do I say this being reliable? I think generally. So maybe is a nice way for me to be like, Please don't have too high expectations Visa. I'll try on our best It kind of also depends sometimes I'm a bit more malicious when I say maybe and it's kind of more like I don't really intend to come.

I just don't know how it feelings Buddy. Um Other than it, it depends. Unless sometimes I do, I do. I should just mean maybe and I'm not sure, but I can make it, but okay. So sometimes it's like, you're just trying to be polite. Sometimes it's It's like conditioned on like something else, like an external factor, that would like, Imped, your ability to arrive.

What about when like yes? Is there ever you say, maybe? Because you just like wait for Like somebody else to like ask me up and you just like ditch them for them if they were to like Ostomy or something like that. I'd probably be lying if I say I've never done this.

Um, But I feel like To be fat with this sort of thing. Um, I don't think I'm too bad for that sort of thing. I feel like it's not often I I would like I typically am a, um, if I've made plans with someone, I'll stick to those before.

Like changing up with someone else. Even if I would in theory profile activity. I feel like when if I commit to something I typically try to commit sir. But um, But yeah, I guess when I, but the thing is, you know, if you if I wasn't sure, I was gonna go in the first place and I did hit them with a maybe then I suppose, I'd probably be more open to it, right?

Yeah. It kind of, yeah. I guess. Yeah, I said I'll probably be like if I said I never did that. I'm sure I have at some point if I can't remember it. Um it does sound like the type of thing. Um, yeah. Let's say um, yeah, again, somebody else suggested like an idea, what I can meet Um, like in a group shop, for example.

Do you? Like, how quickly do you apply these and wait for other replies or like just air it or Be the first to respond. It kind of again, I think it depends on the, my familiarity with the person. My intention to go I think if it's like, Again, if it's like someone that I I know, Up.

Probably I was on. I know what I want to spend time with. I normally am like one of the first people to answer or like, oh well just respond when I see it, right? Um, If it's like if it's a little bit less served like say for example, It's A friend of a friend.

And my attendance is probably some more conditional and like my friend being there, I will probably wait for them to respond first and then decide. All right. Hey like, you know, yeah it kind of, it depends on context a little bit. Yeah, that makes sense. Uh, because the last question is, Do you forget meetups?

Like on the day and you end up just like, not going or arriving super late. Yeah, I yeah, I've done that. Well, yeah, I know you have. I just wanted to. Yeah. Uh, yeah, I do that more often than I'm willing to admit, to be honest. And this is another reason why the, maybe sometimes because I'm aware

Yeah. It's unfortunate. In fact, I missed a tutorial simply for basically, this reason So just understand it. It's not, it's nothing personal, it's not impossible. Okay. Very good. I mean yeah, that's everything pretty much, unless you have like anything more, you want to talk about regarding this. I mean yeah, fair enough.

I didn't know. I don't really have any additional coins. It's like an interesting thing to think about. I guess it's not really something. I I think about how often, like, how I respond to send messages, but it is. It's an interesting thing to delve into one's. I can't make Like a psych friend was doing and no one had me thinking as well, like about kind of like my own baby people passes are pissed.

So, I've been, I've been quite respective but I do is what I'm saying.

Awesome. Yeah. Thanks for uh, thanks for stopping by. Very good.