It doesn't matter. I'm not sending it to anyone. Okay, so, all right, Luke, so I'll rephrase. So, you know, like, you're in a group chat and you want to meet up with your friends, you drop a chat, you drop a message, and, um, sometimes it doesn't really go through. Um, uh, like, so someone says maybe and then they just all goes to shit, um, and no one ends up getting up. Or, yeah, something along those lines. Let's just say in like the last like, I don't know, 3 months, how many how many times have you had this problem, you think, just about? Like, what, like what percentage of the time do you think, um, My, like, group plans give it to shit. Uh. Ooh, I think... If that's against, I'd say like 30%. 30%. Okay. Okay, cool. Do you think, typically you're like, you're the initiator type in like, uh, Like, when the meetup happens, are you more the type person to wait for someone to say, hey, you want to meet up? Or do you think you're more the person who, who says, you old guys, I'm fucking here, bro. Let's roll up, but I'm gonna touch you. Uh I would say, um, in between, but slightly more to the side of you, I'm here, let's be up. Okay. Cool. Like, and typically, um, like when, like, when you do initiate, let's say, do you typically, do you typically like give the full details of the meetup? Um, Or, and like what time it is, what location it is, or is it more just, you all just meet up and you don't give a location at all? Uh, yeah, the 2nd. I say, like, let's be odd, and then we'll figure out, like, after, you know what I mean? Hey, cool. Like, and like, just, just, you said like 30% of the sign, um, you get the problem of like, yeah, like, it just doesn't happen. Well, what do you think is like the biggest stopping factors to to not happening? Do things like miscommunicational or what do you think it's like? I think, yeah, people busy, like people being busy all the day. Yes. Yeah. Like, let's say you say meet up, but you don't provide a date. And, like, still that just falls through. And like, I, like, what do you notice with the chats? Like, how does the chat look typically? Or when something goes to shit? Uh, like just, like, empty. Is this completely empty? No one says shit, fantastic. That's reflects goodness. All right. And let's say like when you are planning or maybe just in a perspective of the planet, do you think there's asymmetric effort in like how people are planning? This is a problem. Yeah, I guess so. Do you think this is a problem? Do you think like part of the reason of why plans don't go through is because there's asymmetric effort? So, like, one guy says something, and then, like, if something guys don't respond, like, maybe that guy is sad, and if he's sad, he's not gonna do it again. Uh. Maybe slightly. I don't think I don't think that's like a big factor there. Like, I don't think just because, like, people don't respond at one time that they're going to stop. But is that true? I guess if they never respond, like, if that keeps happening, yeah, I think you're right. I see. Like, yeah, yeah. I'm not I'm not trying to lead. Like, Shishir owned for you, you don't have the answer question. No, no, discussion. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cool. But part of the reason I chose this problem is because I noticed it in our group. Okay. Like, what was it, like, is this kind of quite an open question? like, how do you feel when plans fall through? Like, do you give a toss? Does it PUO? I mean... Ah, it's a question. I guess, like, a tidy, a tidy bit side, like, I guess, yeah, it depends, then. Like, if we met up a lot in that time period, then I guess I don't mind, do you know what I mean? But, like, yeah, if it's like, Yeah, I haven't seen you guys for a long time, then it's like, Yeah, if we pass 4 through, then it's a bit more sad, I guess, yeah. Understood. Understood. And now I'm moving to, like, now I just imagine, like, yeah, I don't know, Rosian or tell, or me, we say something in chat, like, let's meet up. at this place. The chat's a bit silent. Typically, like, when that happens, like, there are 4 things that most people have done, according to our survey. It's like they say yes, they say no. They say maybe or they just add a chat and wait for more people to respond. What group do you think you fall into? Uh. That's such a question. Uh. So if I, sorry, if I can't make it, right? No, it's not if you can't make it. So, like, literally just, like, tip, tip, typically, like, if, if someone says meet up, and let's say, like, you're slightly, like, unsure of whether you want to meet up, do you, Eric, do you say maybe? Do you say yes or no? Uh, I would probably, I would probably say if I'm, yeah, if I'm on the edge, I would probably say something like, I'm down if others are down. You know what I mean? Yeah, so it's like conditional and certain people going, is it? So, so is it conditional in the mountain number of people, people going or internally? Do you think it's certain people you want to be? Specifically. They have the name. you have to name them, but just like, do you think, like, there is a conditional, like, at least X person must be there or I won't show up. Yeah, I think, uh, Yeah, there's definitely a condition. Yeah, I think it's, yeah, I saw a mix, some of a mix of both, I guess. Okay. So, so, like, like, when people say maybe a lot, like, according to our save it survey here. Like, like, and there's a couple things people say mean by maybe. So I just talk to you about like conditionality on some other people showing up. But sometimes do you think it's like, no, but a polite note, or do you think you just say no, if you can't, if you're not going to come? Or... Oh, yeah. For me, if I'm not gonna come, I would, I would, I just said, just say that. Good lad. What a good lad. He's a good boy. He was a good boy. Very good, very good. All right. Um... Do you, um, are you, another question before we clone to like truly open conversation? Last question I have to get through. Just like, do you do you forget meetups, really? Like, let's say something gets scheduled. Is it often at all that you you just fucking forget the day? You just completely forget. Nah. Nah. And do you have bummy friends you forget? Uh, I think there's one thing that might be wrong. I think I was, yeah, I've had some, I've had some, some relatable experience. So some experiences. I don't have the name that named the subject, but... Okay. And typically, do you think this kills fans? If it's unnamed person that doesn't chirp or late, do you think it really kills the plan or not, really? Ah. I think 99 90% of the time it doesn't like kill the planet. just like slightly annoying. It's just PUA. Okay. Yeah. Cool. And now I'm gonna do a bit off script. That was like mostly scripted. Now this script is like, I was thinking of like a solution because you're a developer, so I think it'd be sensible to get your opinion. Um, so, like, what, like, our initial problem that we thought we were solving is that actually, like, people would make plans and then somebody just wouldn't show up. Like Russian, for example, right? Oops, I named him. Fine. Um, but, like, according to serve correspondence, there's very low percentage time of the time that actually happens. It's not that, it's not like once the plan has decided, typically most people do show up. Sometimes, yeah, people run late. That's not a problem. Our initial idea was like you stake a bit of money in. So say it's a 5 person meetup, you stake like, and you don't stake any money, but you put your steak in, now you're going to come. And if you don't come, you pay as if you were vet. So like the money gets split as if you were there. Right? Ooh. So I think it's a cool idea, but the problem with that is like it doesn't address the problem. The problem with trying to solve this, we're trying to help people meet up more frequently or just, or just stop it or try to solve the problem with just like someone drops a message in a chat and just fucking fuck what happens. Actually. Right. Um, so then the next idea we thought of is like, just, just, like, push me in the direction of like, yes, it's good. This seems somewhat useful and this kind of smells and I have a maybe have a suggestion in it. So I do is like, I, I, I think the problem with it is, like, asymmet, like, I think asymmetry is a really big problem, and another big one is scheduling. So scheduling clashes. Like, you, you, you don't have my calendar on your phone. You're not going to have Rachel's calendar in your opinion. have Cheney's calendar on your phone. So it's kind of hard to like, it's kind of annoying to do it. So either is like, you have some application, Web app, phone app doesn't really matter what form it is, but the solution is, you kind of, on that, you kind of, you pick the days you're free for a meetup. Um, and then everyone just kind of continually does it. If, and if not enough people want to meet up in that period, I people are busy, then the system will not push for anything. But if it sees like overlap in people's schedules where lots of people are able to meet up, it will send a push notification to everyone. And with a date, uh, maybe a possible location and the, the, the people who, who, who think they're going. Um, and in this push notification, it's just a yes or no. There is no maybe option, there is no excuse option. you press yes or no, and there's a timer to it. Maybe like a one hour timer. It's a bit like be real. You get like a notification, it goes, ding, ding, ding, ding. Um, and then you just press yesterday. And if not, if not, if too many people press no even, it just canceled, and if it goes, yes, it goes through. Um, so what I was trying to do is like move away effort from the person trying to initiate it towards something that's more like people agnostic, you know? It's like, yeah, everyone just like prints in their times and uh, they get some kind of, yeah, that, that, that's it. But that's pretty interesting. Wait, so, uh... Like how does it how's it weather? How do you say, like, you're free on this, this, is there? Is it like the notification you said? that's like, are you free today or I don't know, like, Yeah, like, like, every week you might get a pop-up saying, do you might, like, fill in which days you're free? Very quick. Take your like 15 seconds. Take the boxes you're free. and like about what times, maybe. No, we haven't, what happens though, like, I don't know, if you're, uh, If you're, like, free, but like, only, like, I feel like I tell, like, would say, like, I'm free only past 6 or something on this stage. you know what I mean? Yeah, we like, we haven't designed a solution yet, but we're framing a general idea, but yeah, we probably would have with times in it as well. Um, so I put like an evening option afternoon, like, I don't think people are that specific at the time, just like, what, what time of year, like roughly it is? Yeah, no, I agree. That's a good point, yeah. Yeah, that would actually be quite good, yeah. just like, yeah, afternoon or day or some shit. Yeah, yeah, actually, right there, just about this. I mean, if you think it's good. Okay. Um, let me think, if there's any of us silly questions I might have. Let me take, let me tinks. Um, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum. I'm gonna go through like a quick list of six. Just quickly tell me like, yes, no, or like little bit on like how big big of it is a barrier for people meeting up. One, clashing schedules. Uh, Uh. Well, how very, I just love the thing. It's just like yes, no, little bit. How big of a barrier? Yeah, like big, small. at all. Uh, Yeah, I say big. So big. What classing schedule is, what, that's when, when someone's free, but someone else is busy and that person's free when you're busy. Yeah, right. That sort of thing, yeah. Yeah, uh Yeah, no, 100%. Very big of times it would be like, yeah, Lucas free on this day, but someone else is free on the other day, yeah. It's like, yeah, that looks. It's all deadlocked, mush. I love. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, we got distance distance between people. Oh. Yeah, I said it's a medium pool. I think for some people it matters a lot, you know, isn't it? I mean, yeah, so for us, like, during term time, you know, when everyone's fucked off to their places, we're not going to try to meet up anyways. So it's not really the problem. Oh, yeah, sorry. Yeah, yeah. That's true. I was actually, I actually meant like, uh, Even like in London. Oh, oh, even like Cheem. like, oh, that type of distance. Yeah, even the giant is far, like, or, like, I don't know, like, okay, I just go specific. I think, like, let's say, like, uh, Aaron wouldn't call him if it's too far, or let's say, like, the link of might come, but if it's too far, it's like hard for him to get home, then he might not. you know what I mean? I think it's definitely... I think some people like into the distance quite a big factor. Like, some people like me, like, they only give a toss if I'm not busy. Yeah, no, I agree, I agree. Like, and next one's activity, I did. This is an interesting one. Or like it's like activity, ideal or lack thereof. So it's like, do you think plans fall through? Because people just don't want to fuck to do. Or do you think like just given the gang rolls up, we will figure out something to do. And it doesn't really matter whether we have an idea or not. I think it's a mix. I think sometimes, like, it would just, it would just be off with something. But I think especially if we've met up quite a lot in that time period, if there's more like something specific, like before we leave. Yep. then a lot of people, I think, are tempted to just, like, not cut more drop out. you know what I mean? Like, quite close to the thing. Makes sense. Cool. Cool. So there's 3 more of these smeller ones, another one is disagreeing on location, not just lack of location, disagreement. So, like, like, some of them wants to go somewhere, someone wants to go somewhere else. Is this a thing? I don't think so. I think 99% of the time, like, like the best is that we get one place. Like, I don't think there's been many times where there's been more than one good place. you know what I mean? That's true, that's true. But I don't know. Yeah, cool, cool. Another one's lack of motivation. Oh. Um... Uh, I don't really know, but I would say I would say, yeah, like, sometimes, like, I think some people just call the artist, like, I think. So like Cheney, basically. Cool, cool. Larson of his category is bad communication. Oh, 5 communication. Basically, like, people not looking at the chat, just not replying. That is just me, British, just me. Yeah, pretty much, but no, no, that's... Uh, I communication. Yeah, I mean, yeah, it's like a, yeah, it's like a, it's like a video problem. It's a medium problem. Yeah, I would say it's like it's like a medium to high. Like, I think especially with the Like, to give an example, like the holiday, uh, this year. Yeah. I don't know, when I was trying to get everyone on the call and shit, I put the poll and shit. I took the poll, like people would respond to the poll, like if there was a poll. But I don't think that was true. So, like I don't think that worked out. So I don't know. Like, I think it's like a medium problem for some things. you know what I mean? Like, I think it just depends on the thing and like, obviously that's exam season, so other people are busy. So obviously I understood, you know what I mean? So, I think it just depends. Like, if that was to someone on a day, 100%, I think most people would have responded like, right? You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Thank you very much, Luke Gangusen. I'm not going to stop recording because I want a goon, but very good, very good. Plus EV. That is fantastic. Cheney, Cheney, do you have any random thoughts that you wanted to spell out at all? Uh, not really. Not really. Yeah? What's the main reason you don't come, Chini? That's true. I mean, reason I don't gotten to work quite a lot. I think it pulls up most of the times. It does, but actually, you know, I think Harry Fernando's the biggest thing. There was one week by initially pulled up to every single poker session. Yeah, literally. And you live, I would say, like, I mean, tooth, I guess you're saying it's an also in terms of how far away you live, to, like, let's say, Wellington and stuff, you know, like, so... Don't know. I kind of want to interview Harrison Fernando because this man just does not believe. Yeah, I would agree. I was just going to say... Yeah, I think I would, I would not be afraid to be like, yeah, sometimes like, I don't know, it's fine if you see me, but like, I, I just can look. Because, like, my problem is not people can't be. you don't, people don't know, turn up. don't have to turn up. Like, the problem with, I'm kind of thinking of is just like, it's when, I think it's sometimes that was, when someone expresses some kind of uncertainty, it kind of like cascades uncertainty on the group. No, I actually 100% agree. Like, that's the problem. Like, if one person can't come, okay, okay, fine. But, like, it's just when like the chat slows down and then, like, no one replies for 6 hours and then 510 hours and then chat silent. Yeah, I actually, I understand agree. I think if the 1st message is like, I don't, I, uh, I can't do that day, like, if that was the last message, I think people, like, let's say 5 people, 4 people say yes first, then those 4 people be up. But if the 1st message is, I can't do it. Do you know what I mean? Like, then no one says anything after. Like, that is a website written off. But I don't know. Yeah. I was good. It's very good. I'll stop the recording now. I'm gonna.