
How often, um, do you think this, like the problem of like a meet-up, falling apart happens within your friend groups, like, Always in my friend. If it's like a

Let's meet up. This like, let me talk this time today or like something like that then I'll say like And get about like 50, maybe. Okay, something will happen. Well, two people. You said I can't make it another person. Uh I call me eight kid or I have like something happening through like half of uh meet some time and then there's just like better the other two or three.

I'm just like okay well there's no point in like Trying to do something. Um, When like most of us, can't make it, but that's more for like, spontaneous sorts of meetups, whereas when it's more like Plants plunger. I'd say it's Decently higher. Maybe give a percentage, maybe like, Maybe more like.

70. I say, like, if everyone has like time to like plan, like I was like, And like get that timetable in order. Okay, what do you mean you mean more planned? Things are more likely to to go actually go ahead. Yeah okay yes. Um, and would you say you often initiate plans or you kind of more follow the crowd?

At uni, I often follow the crowd. I saw like more than I in the shit plans. Okay? Yeah. At home when, um, with the Buckingham lot. Then, yes, I will be more like willing to understand, Generally because others at Uni, here are like more likely to My friends here at Uni are more likely to initiate plans.

I think I just don't have to take that role from myself. Yeah. Um, It was a bit more of a mix sort of bag where everyone would have to sort of chip in with that, okay? And what do you think are like the biggest or the most common reasons that um, Like meetups or events who do?

Um, like don't actually go through.

Regions.

For. Like a lot of like, tutorials. Sometimes, tutorials get in the way of things. Uh, so you may plan like a meet-up just for like a pit, I don't know, like, just hang out. Uni parks or something like that, and someone has People. Um, Have like Labs going on things like that.

Um, so I could academic things are definitely. A big thing about. Okay, I'll take something especially up, uni. What about back at home? What do you think's like the most come back at home?

Just generally be like, Not being. Clear about what's happening and feel like, right. At the very Last minute. You can probably like when sometimes when someone's like ask like oh can we meet up today at like nine and it's like already like

To go out the other people, but also like maybe they just have like other things going on. Um, so I think like, With Russian. Being rushed into a plan. Yeah. Not for me. Anyway. I like to know what I'm doing before. Like Before the time actually arrives and I yeah maybe being rushed into a plan.

Yeah. Yeah I'm going thinking back to women to have a meet-up with With the like bus, the people, I went on the bus, I suppose like a bus reunion, um, during the like, During the spring holidays and that fell apart. That's probably the most recent example I can give like a one that fell apart.

And I say the reason for that is It was kind of unclear when everyone was free. We didn't like, make it really clear, so something. So it took a while for everyone to like, Get together there like calendar. Um, they're like availability, is people not responding, people taking time to time to respond and then When those like days went past because this was, this was a planned event when days went past.

It just got more drawn and drawn out. And then people who were like, okay, Maybe if it was like, Maybe if we had like a day's worth of notice, like I would have gone. You know, like maybe there's like secondhand second. Thoughts are like, okay. Do I really have time for this like Like I have exams and like however, many weeks like, can I afford this time off and then I think social thoughts, ended up creeping in and then more and more people ended up pulling out.

W to that delay. That happens not knowing when people are free and also like, I don't know, second thought was about like if you're too busy to hang up so correcting as well. So I think thank God application of those effects. Actually, stop that from from taking place. Okay, um, And how does like, what does it make you?

Feel like, um, when plans fall through and like especially When you initiated it versus when like, someone else has initiated it. Interesting. Because it can actually, it can make me feel like a Like spectrum, formations. I mean, if it's something that I wasn't really looking forward to then again, I mean like it can make maybe like bring so like relief.

If it felt like more of like a burden to go, um, an obligation to go rather than like, an actual Me one thing to go. And I think maybe that derives itself from like not being My. Uh, being someone else's plans ago. But like, yeah, if if like Clan has like took some, if I Drummed, up the planet, it's taken like some considerable times.

Like He looks really like Logistics or like, okay, what were some of the events that we can do? Like? I like think about like pricing how everyone's going? If everyone's gonna be okay with like this pricing of it, oh back event and then it falls through after all of that that is quite Is quite frustrating.

When you're the one is, Uh, and if yeah, of course, if you're really looking forward to the plan, But you want want to initiate it then? Yeah, I can also feel quite frustrating. Okay. But it doesn't go out. Um, We want to ask, um, When you say, if you said maybe to some plants.

Like, if you're forced to choose between, Like yes or no in that instance, which are you gonna choose like, how come So if I said maybe to a plan or later or later after like she's seen, yes, on Yeah, I guess, I guess. What do you mean by maybe in general?

What do I mean? My name. Maybe means like, I will keep the time so off. Semi-Free. But if anything else comes up during that time that I feel like I would enjoy myself more. Everything then, like, I will. Right, pretty much. About hesitation to yourself. So yeah, maybe this means like The time is like free or I can like maybe I can squeeze the event in uh like the day is busy.

But I am very willing to like give up going to do that, okay? Um, Yeah, and it, um, If someone did initiate a plans. Um, to do something. Jew, generally responds immediately, or say nothing, or maybe respond later down the line or like, what, what would be Do you typically?

I think. Let's just away with uni and stuff and the busyness involved with that. I think I have given myself more times like response to like, plans, uh, I'm probably part of problem that I'm talking about but like, uh, I for yeah, I think I give myself like a bit of time to like, think quite think to myself like, oh, Much.

Am I going to enjoy this? I've been like, do I really want to go? Uh, I I believe like my own head may be getting in the way of songs. Stumbled like the success of like the plants are involved with and going to. Yeah. Uh, what do you mean by that?

I forgot your question. Like, uh, I'll just see like, like, oh, um, So there's this plan. For like a bit too long, if that makes sense. And then I'll be like, I'll think of all the reasons why I shouldn't. Go rather than well, I should like, oh, This problem to the eye of this.

Could be doing this in my time. I could Um, I could be Having a nice night in. Yeah. So like I think too long. Can also be like detrimented to the success of my plan. Um but like if I was if I also found like My mum. Like this can be some suited for, like, anyone closely or it can be like friends if I like tell my own.

Like oh, I'm thinking of going on this like Having this plan, like, should I go See the ways a lot more. Like yeah, let's go for it. Just You're going to you're probably gonna enjoy yourself like, Uh, it'll be probably like a new experience. Example, when I went on the to the horse races, I was like, Monica, like oh do I really give up a Should I go watch Sean?

The horses? I know nothing about horse racing about like so like if it was left not for me I probably would have. I was actually the one who initiated that plan. I was like, okay and I was like, oh wait shit. Like I already care about horses. Um, For like having that extra person, like yes, like it'll be a good experience like having that like community support.

That was that was definitely, that was definitely important. I don't know if you asked, oh, your question was really about like oh do I respond to the best years? And I was yeah, saying about I recently give myself like more time to like, think over The messages and like what the plans actually entails.

Which can be beneficial detrimental. Okay. Awesome. Yeah. Uh, last question we have is, uh, do you ever forget meetups? Or is that, like a cause of you not going to them and do you think other people do that often? I have to get misos like, you know, maybe on the day, you forget until the day and then it's something like, oh no, it's in two hours.

Am I gonna Okay. Yes. I I've definitely like, forgotten like me. If I made them like far in the future. Yeah. So in the past, so recently, I had a like the at my, my church that was like a summer, boo going on. And it was on like, Oh.

Oh. What was it? Was it this? I think it was this and I think on like the Sunday I was like, oh like I have nothing going on this week and then so I was like, are you just are you so excited to go to like the war on Thursday?

Like what do you mean? So like maybe like not like sometimes yeah that's to give an example. Sometimes I do it gaps. Meetups. Especially found like, then go to like, add them to my calendar. It was like, oh probably like remember when it comes. Uh, someone remind me but yeah.

I have forgotten these tops. Okay. Awesome. Yeah. All right. That's kind of all the major questions I had with. Uh, we're gonna, hopefully make something to address these problems with Claude because they're allowed to

At least you said like reality. Um,