[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
and I'd rather not take the whole hour so you can get on with actually working on your presentations.

You guys want to take your seats and shut up? Thank you. Um, so what I've quickly done here, and I will post on SDM a bit later,

is I've quickly scribbled on this grid kind of what we're looking for in each of the areas,

and a bit more detail to help you think through that little bit.

I'm going to go through them all briefly, and then we can chat about any of them that aren't too clear afterwards.

So we're broken into two main areas the quality of the presentation and then the presentation content,

with most of the focus being on the content of the presentation. Um, the quality stuff must go through fairly quickly.

So there's a mark on pacing articulation separately from Mark for time.

So the mark for time is a raw mark. It will be fully automated by the system.

I've named the time jackets after the alpaca that I posted at the weekend.

That's going to be doing a timing for you.

So that's based on when the clock starts and when the clock stops on the presentation fully automated, I aim for 90 minutes.

For every full minute you go over 20, you lose the mark. For every two minutes under 20, you lose a mark.

And that's automated, that sort of things. The pacing is where we're checking.

Are you delivering a sensible pace presentation? So if you're massively rushing through it or going, oh we're running a bit short.

Pad pad pad pad pad, we can tell. And people will start talking marks on that.

Um, or if people are like, as I did earlier, talking into the microphone, don't do that.

Um, the microphones will be in the room. The plan is to leave them on the edge of the desk.

They actually got a good enough pick up that's so we can hear it good enough for next year so we can share the best ones.

And also, my plan is to make sure that we share around the whole cohort your own presentations.

Not with feedback,

just the presentations so you can see each other if you're interested to see what other people have done in terms of their apps and services.

So you can ignore the microphones, just leave them there.

Just talk.

If you are projecting so we can hear you in the room, then the microphones will pick you up just fine over the not so recording, um, emotive.

So that's about making it feel fun and painful. What do I mean by painful?

I don't mean make it really, really painful for the audience to listen to. What I mean is bring alive the pain point.

If there is a pain point for your end user, try and make us understand their pain, their suffering.

What is so bad about the problem? You know it's a real world problem. You're impacting people hopefully in a real way.

So try and bring out their frustration or their anger with the current system.

Make that kind of pop through the presentation in some way,

So don't be afraid to do a bit of role play or have a slide with people that are being frustrated by something.

Particularly you found a real user explaining the problem.

You've got someone that's getting a bit agitated and a bit verbal about it, and a bit kind of kind of gesticulating.

That's really good because it shows us a real problem. So we'd like to see that where possible.

Also to stay on top for a second. So slides clearly exist.

That basically means you've not got slides that are full of text. And I also mentioned idea of keeping them consistent.

So across the presentation they should have a similar theme and style.

They shouldn't be changing theme every five seconds and ideally make them match the application.

That's a nice thing to do as well. Kind of for me,

the distinguishing feature between a good slide deck and an excellent one is often that it actually is coherent with the entire service.

You've got two, so everything feels like it's a unified pitch that you're presenting over to us.

In some sense, it's kind of a good technique for the pitch. I think it's a bit like Dragon's Den.

You're kind of selling what you've done at this point in the project. You're not really going through the process that much.

Just a couple of slides here and there, but you are trying to really try to sell what you've done in the best light and explain the problem.

Really explain how you solved it and show it off in its best light. Um, so again, branding helps with that.

If you've got an application name, great.

Put it on the front slide somewhere and then make sure when you've gone through the how might we say introducing so and so.

It's quite nice right. It makes it quite fun quite enjoyable. You should be proud of the thing that you've built.

Diagrams and images. Yeah. Please avoid massive walls of text on your slides.

So where possible try to communicate things visually.

So a user journey is much more effectively communicated via kind of a diagram with a few bits of text on it and

maybe some images that are on it much more effectively than just a long list of what's going on in that journey.

Um, written out on the slides, your persona should have a real person picture.

I would recommend trying to find at least a stock real person image.

There's something weird about AI generated people.

You can kind of tell the foreground background distinction, and it kind of rubs everyone up the wrong way.

You guys don't like original content? Neither do we particularly.

Let's maybe try and avoid it on this kind of slide, because I don't think it really helps. The cartoony things can kind of work for storyboarding.

I've in a few of those. Even if those are AI generated that don't mind too much.

I think that works better, but when the persona is obviously AI generated, it just kind of rubs everybody up in the wrong way.

I think so. Just try and find some stock image. The internet is full of them.

I'm sure you can find one to solve that problem. Yeah, but be sensible with diagrams.

Image video. Embedded video. Make sure it works. Make sure we can hear it.

Um, if you can't hear it, don't bother playing it. Just put it as a summarised text on the screen instead, right?

Don't try and ram something in. Play it. No, we can't hear it and then have to bust the point.

There's no point wasting time playing audio we can't hear. So just be careful about what you present in that sense.

And demo. Yeah, don't stick it all at the end. That's really frustrating.

If you've worked on this, you've slaved over this product that you're showing us for like four weeks now.

Don't put it right at the end of the presentation. The application itself is the star of the show, right?

It's the thing you've been working on. It should be front and centre.

So you kind of want to say maybe, maybe you have a little bit of demo of it really early on after you've done, how might you say, here's so-and-so,

here's the application, then show us it doing small and cool and then go through proper user stories with it to kind of show you how it works.

That can work quite well. But the important thing is just not to stick it all at the end.

And by not sandwich, what I mean is don't do what I do, don't have demo time and then add the demo completely separate from the presentation.

But it's just a bunch of demo. And then go back to the presentation. That's a sandwich presentation.

Demo presentation is a demo sandwich. It's not particularly effective as a way of convenience of conveying information.

So try and avoid doing that again. That will cost you marks on that criteria. That's general style.

So in terms of content then let's talk about style. So this is broken down into these sections on the side here.

So storytelling the most important thing there is we're looking at the two types of evidence.

Yes we are bringing back in quantitative evidence when setting up the problem.

This means things like news articles, surveys could be your surveys could be government surveys.

But that kind of data should be there.

So newspaper articles, government surveys, your data, big picture stuff kind of explaining what is the context within which your problem sets.

That's the quantitative background research. And then you've got the qualitative real user stories.

So you're basically refining down your research sort of big data maybe your own survey.

And then after that user interviews or evidence that you've got from users with quotes to back it up to

show the problem is real and has real impact on people and to really dig into their personal stories.

And this is where the emotions come out, right?

You should be focusing on their frustrations, their needs, their problems, and really bringing out the pain of that issue.

Is it just frustration? Is it physical pain? Is it emotional pain? Whatever. Try and bring that through the presentation.

Make it feel alive. You should feel like real people and that comes into the real world evidence driven problem.

Just blow it there. You know,

we want to see you analysing the data that you've gathered and kind of understanding the needs of the users and present that in an authentic way.

So we should feel that, yes, we agree this is a real problem that you've defined very well.

And we understand what you're working on.

And that goes hand in hand with the idea of the clear problem statement, which means you've analysed the problem well.

You've given us a clear problem context for a problem statement. And how might we opportunity statement that summarises it all together in one go.

And we're not just marking that you have those things. None of these marking criteria are tick box for yes, that thing exists or not.

They're all. How good is that thing? So the top marks are for like making the whole thing a coherent story.

That makes sense. Logical step by step. But you have the evidence, the big picture evidence.

The more low level talking to use as qualitative evidence.

Then from that you analyse the problem, you identify user needs, you then have a problem statement that refines that a bit more.

You then have a how might we that summarise everything, what you're actually going to try and do about it.

And that all flows perfectly. You'll get top marks, but it has to make sense all the way through.

It should never be a weird tangent pivot that makes no sense at all.

Going through that process, remember you're presenting what you have done at the end of the project.

So how might we? Probably is in most cases probably hopefully is different and better than what you presented in week one.

You've almost certainly refined it a little bit. Some groups have changed it entirely, which is fine. Don't go through that process.

We don't care about that. We wanted to know what the new how might we is at the end of.

Um, we're right here, right now at this point in the project. Right at the end.

Then about audience. So well defined target audience. That's about understanding your personas.

So you should be presenting the people that your personas. That will probably one per stakeholder group.

Broadly speaking. Sometimes you can have a couple per stakeholder group.

If you're going to use them, tell a story later on, you're going to have characters that appear in your demo or in your user journeys.

It's best to make them be introduced at the start of the presentation.

You don't really want a character popping out of nowhere in the middle, because it's a bit weird. If suddenly you know Jake appears out of nowhere.

You've never seen him before. Where Jake come from, who's this person? Right? It's a bit confusing to try and make sure it's coherent.

Um, and also think about the other stakeholders, right. So you might want to share a stakeholder map perhaps that that can be a little bit dry,

but it can be a way of visualising where the problem sits inside the space

could be useful to your choices about how you want to try and get that across.

But to make it clear that it's not just an isolated problem, it sits within the real world, um, as well.

And then also written here is seeing at some point in the presentation doesn't have to be in order.

This is just a criteria setting that you have shown as some of the iterations you went through for designing and developing.

I would recommend focusing on the core elements of your project and where you've refined those, right?

So don't want to see lots of little tiny bits where you change this one part over here and this part over here, in spite of the scattershot feedback,

should be focussed on a couple of core interactions that are really important,

and just showing how you evolve those from paper to a couple of footage or things to final thing.

And cherry pick the best 3 to 5 moments in your feedback where you think you did something significant.

It shows the entire journey.

You won't have time, but you can show us a bit of the journey about how you got there, just to show us how you're talking to users.

Show us maybe a couple of video clips there. Again, don't make them too long.

Ten 20s Max I would say showing a little bit how you interview people to get that across so we can kind of see what you were doing,

the process you were using and how that's impacting on your project, or how was it impacting on your project during the course of the last four weeks?

It could be from any point in the entire four weeks that can come from that material.

That's all the stuff. On defining the problem. The user experience then is broken down into four areas.

So the first thing is that we're kind of relevant stakeholder groups.

We're seeing that the app actually serves the need that you claimed it does. Right. And it should serve the need for all of your stakeholders.

So this means that you've not left out an entire stakeholder. Oh, we'll deal with them later when this is now right.

We're done. So you have to make sure you cover it.

So if you've got like no customers and shops, you need to have made sure you've dealt with both the customers and the shops in your service.

So that's kind of you will lose credit there if you've got people that have not been considered properly.

We think there are stakeholders you've missed entirely. That's where you would not do well on that.

And it's about not just have you thought about them all,

but have you built something that generally feels like it does meet their needs in the way you've defined the needs that they have?

Early in the presentation. So it's very interconnected, these marketing criteria, but it's different aspects of the same thing.

Then we've got the ones that there's a little bit of in-app user experience.

and in context, user experience. Seamless just means it's nice, right?

So what's the difference there? So the in-app experience is forget the surrounding world for a second when you get to the service,

and then use it as you discuss in your journey that it makes sense.

The experience I go through step by step, through the application, through your service is coherent on your application.

In the digital world, it makes sense. Yes, we can follow along. We understand what someone's trying to do.

Your story shows us what the person tried to do and it feels like, yeah, the experience is good, it's well designed.

You know, people will spend the time to fill in the forms in that way, or at least the forms work.

Everything kind of makes sense. It's a good experience.

Is meeting the need that you set out for those people, and then the in context experience about how does it fit into actually the wider journey.

So if you've got something like a shopping app that's designed to be done on your laptop, that's probably not very good, right?

It's janky because you're not going to have time in a supermarket to pull out your laptop.

That's just not going to work, right? So it's about making sure it makes sense in the context.

But that means things like, would someone really fill in the forms you're asking for them.

Would people really leave reviews at the point you take? You're saying, well, it's these real moments to make sure you've really thought about it.

Not just does it work technically, but would it work in the the reality in the context of where it's being supposedly used?

Yeah. And that's again, you should be able to demonstrate that via user stories. You use a journey, sorry.

The journey you're going through should hopefully convey to us why this makes sense and why it fits in, and why solving the problem nicely.

So it's all part of the same journey. We all look at those two features and then on top of that navigable UI.

So this is objectively about the interface itself forgetting the user needs.

But just as people looking at the interface. Is it legible? Do the forms make sense.

Our labels call to action. Is it clear on every page what I do?

If you've got things like map pins that have no no labelling, you can guarantee these marks right there.

Like, okay, there's some pins on the map. What the [INAUDIBLE] do they mean? If I have to click in and out of things to understand what's going on?

Again, that's problems. Right? So we're looking for all of those problems, the absence of all those kind of problems.

So the UI should be navigable from somebody that doesn't really have an expert opinion of the problem.

At least the elements of the UI should explain what's going on.

If you have to have things like an information overlay that explains your UI, probably means your UI is not very clear.

So pretty. Try and think about fixing the UI rather than adding navigation on top right.

Navigation fallbacks are always to me. Someone admitting they got the navigation wrong.

The UI is not good. Things like hidden swipe gesture. My bugbear I cannot stand hidden.

Put three fingers on and move in some direction. Really irritating right?

How did people discover these things? So just really think carefully. That ought to be.

Interactions in the interface are usable and make sense. So things like swipe, swipe left or swipe right.

Make sure there's some kind of UI keying to swipe left or swipe right.

Otherwise the page would you even know to swipe it. So make sure there's arrows or something to try and make stuff clear.

These are all little things to try and avoid to make the UI navigable. Yeah, make sure we can read things if the contrast are wrong.

If we can't read labels, if the button clicks don't work in nice ways. If the buttons, it's not clear what clicking a button will do.

But you never want a user to guess what clicking a button will do.

I think Lab Test tries to have quite actionable buttons that submit this commit, right?

Hopefully it's clear what it's doing. Well. Used to say submit, which wasn't very clear. Right?

I'll submit. What? What's going on? So you've changed that a couple of years ago. So try and make sure that all of your interfaces.

But when I click a button or fill a form in, I know what I'm doing. I'm not having to think, what do I write here?

What have I done to click this? That's not a good feeling to leave a user with that's navigable.

UI right at any moment should be kind of fairly clear to the user what's going to

happen when they interact with the user interface in some way on technical stuff?

There's not a huge amount here. Um, again, it's more about content, nothing else.

So justified language framework choices.

We want to know why you chose to work with language did not what you chose to work with, but what doesn't really matter that much, right?

So don't just list it out. You say why you chose those things. And I said earlier, it's about making sensible technical justifications, right?

Try and be as objective as possible. So don't say things like it's easy to work in this language.

Why is it easier? The language doesn't destroy opinion, right? There's loads of tutorials. Okay.

Great. Are they good? Are they bad? Who cares? But this stuff's not interesting.

So it's technical. Things like the libraries are doing something particular.

The capabilities of the language for doing something streamlined or doing something efficiently are important.

Or compile it down to small code or, you know, short compile time so you can get out to users faster.

These things are probably more useful, right? Or integration with other frameworks, not things like I like it.

It's easy. It's popular. They're so subjective and they are meaningless and they'll be meaningless very quickly in this world.

Right. Things are like this is a popular framework that opinion changes within one year, even a few months.

So try and make things that are going to survive the test of time a bit more than making your own personal opinions.

Uh, it's just like a diagram we spoke to for this is about making sure you've got the right number of components.

So it shouldn't be front end, back end. It shouldn't be a thousand elements of UML diagram.

It should be something in between.

I would guesstimate, you know, half a dozen front end, half dozen backing components at most is probably about the right granularity to have.

But again, it depends on your individual system. It should be clear that the diagram is specific to your implementation.

If I look at it and think this could be any service in the world or any app in the world, that's not going to get full credit, right?

Because it's just like, okay, great, you've got an app, you've got front end mobile screen, back end database server.

Sure. It's very easy to write things that are a bit meaningless there, so be careful.

Try and make it specific to your service.

Make it clear I said before, if there are external call outs to external sources, external APIs, or API calls out whatever.

Make it clear which things are outside of your system that aren't really fully in your control.

It's really good to acknowledge that and to be aware of that,

because it helps the future dev team that we're doing the same thing, know what they can and can't control in some ways.

Also, there should be arrows between components and those arrows should either be directed maybe or importantly should be labelled in some way.

So if there's a connection between two components, what does that connection signify. Right.

They're connected in what way. So it should probably be either the mode of interaction between them or maybe the data being sent over that connection.

Right. So it might say like the front end is connected to the back end.

It sends a JSON package of information to the server.

The server then converts that into SQL injection database to put the SQL, JSON, etc. or something like that.

All the mode of interaction between the components on there, a label with no labelling,

an error with no labelling is fundamentally just some things going on there.

But what? So try and make sure the components are labelled sensibly.

There are arrows between them when they're connected and the arrows conveys something about that connection.

Otherwise they're probably meaningless arrows. So it's tricky to get that right, but it's good to practice on that.

There are a lot of bad diagrams out there, and unfortunately for architecture diagrams,

I might try and see if I can scrounge up some good ones later on. Interactions.

So we've got user to user interactions and responsive user interactions with two different metrics.

So the user to user is cross user interaction.

We start the project. We're expecting this to have some element of interaction between users.

If it's just an experience by yourself, on a website, on a phone, you've not really answered,

debrief properly, and most problems can't really be solved by yourself in that kind of way.

So there should be some user to user interactions. So that means not just a number of them but are they meaningful.

So if you ramrod in chat and ballrooms and stuff you can expect not to get full marks here.

Yes some exists. You won't get the zero missing mark, but if those things don't make sense to your problem,

they're not meaningful, then they won't score very well on the criteria here. It's about having meaningful user user interactions.

So what element of communication between the users is helping solve the problem.

And then you have implemented that in a solution in some ways. So that's just about those interactions exist and are meaningful.

Responsive then is about how well those flow. So responsive means I don't have to reload the page to see things from on a page these days.

I expect it to be responsive, and I expect if another user does something that my view will.

Live update right? Live updates. Git commits. Live updates. Some testing status as it goes.

I have to sit there and refresh the page. I know you do, but you don't have to play it at all, right?

If you just sit and watch the page.

It uses WebSockets to tell you what's happening, but it's pushed down notifications, so you should be ideally having that kind of response.

I used to call it real time but I mean responsive.

So that means if I click a button it shouldn't sit on a hang for like 30s lab tests would do badly for that on the homepage,

but it hangs for a long time when it load stuff because it's a bit slow.

Talking to the APIs that edtech have that I try and fix that so it would not do well.

And that criteria for responsive interface, because you click a button and then you sit there for 30s going.

Did it work? It's thinking it's doing something that's a bad experience as well. So try and make sure you do things like have loading bars or stuff.

If it's going to be a response that takes more time, give the user some idea that something is taking time.

Something's happening. But be patient and wait. Don't just have an unbounded scrolling pinwheel of death where you think, is it going to die?

Is it okay if you wait for two minutes? Something happen, right? So try and make sure it's responsive.

So ideally real time if things take time to load.

Give some feedback on loading time to users so they can react to that in some way or know what's happening.

Make sense? That's what responsive is different from user user.

So if it's if it works but it's a bit it requires refreshes or quires long loading times,

you can still get the user to user interaction credit because you made it work.

You just won't get the responsive interactions credit because it didn't work nicely.

Does that make sense? This is a little bit of technical stuff where we're trying to separate groups that have done it in the right way,

with things like sockets and whatever, and people that maybe have just done already reload the page.

It's fine because it's a bit of a of an old way of doing things. Stable product.

It's fundamentally something you should all aim to get full marks in. This means it doesn't crash, no crashes during the presentation,

and no weird janky UI glitches where something strange happens, where some page gets rendered in a horrible way or, you know,

something doesn't doesn't come through nicely, or something renders in a weird way,

or you get some or no Ascii errors or whatever, or UTF errors to try and avoid that kind of happening.

So that means you can kind of control that, right? If something isn't working, maybe don't demo it, maybe demo other things instead, or even yet.

But yeah, because we might ask questions in the presentation.

If we think you've got serious problems, say SQL injection attacks or other things like that,

we might ask you to put something into your code and see what happens.

You have to be prepared to take audience suggestions of inputs,

so make sure your inputs are going to work and general purpose work and get that kind of thing fixed.

Maybe today, if it doesn't work,

mostly we want to see it's going to work and be stable and be protected from some obvious attacks or obvious silly inputs,

or at least silly user input. Should shouldn't break your surface, right? Someone put the wrong button or something.

It shouldn't matter for service. Then finally all the conclusion stuff.

This is what went well. What you do differently in past benefits of future work.

The main thing here is to keep remembering your users for the purposes of what went well,

should we talk to you about what needs of the users you have met? What went well with the process that you follow?

This is the time you can talk a bit about the process you followed.

I don't want to see a long discussion before here at hand about, oh, we had to work in four weeks.

Three oh, we had to use git. Of course we told you, right? Don't present things where we mandated to you.

What you had to do, but present things with the process that you think went well.

So that it could be like how you organised yourselves, how you communicate with team you, how you conducted your interviews.

These are all things to really think about. And what have you learned from the projects and other things?

But what have you picked up? Technically, but also it's going to be soft skills from doing the project itself as well.

They're all things to unpack. And what differently.

Basically the same thing, but on those same criteria, you know, where have you learned something and now you would do it differently because of that.

But about how you organise yourself, it could be about the processes you followed.

It could be about how you focussed your work or focus on user needs or the particular focus of the project.

Maybe you're not wrong in some sense. It could be a technical choices. Maybe they were good, maybe they were bad.

But think about those choices and reflect on those in that part. That's kind of the pros and cons of what you have learned from doing the project.

Then we've got the impact benefits users that's basically broadly broke into two parts.

What is the impact you have right now, but also what's the impact you think you can have in the future.

So that's it's basically your impact asset in some sense, but probably presented it differently to asset.

You can have the asset maybe at the end of this section, but I would probably try and put it into your own words on slides in some way.

But yeah. What's going on now? What's going on in the future? Where do you think you fulfil those user needs?

In good ways, and that's why we want to bring it back to your personas.

Bring the personas here and tell us through their eyes how you've made their lives better, how you solve something for them and then future work.

This should not be a list of features, right? Don't forget your percent at the end.

So many groups in years gone past will get to the last slide.

What do you do next? Bullet point. Bullet point. Five bullet points. And it would be like adding this thing.

Adding that thing. Make a new feature a feature feature a feature feature five features. Don't do that.

Think about your user needs. So what are the needs of the users that you haven't met yet?

Be honest. Tell us what isn't there yet. We're not going to mark you down for not having done something in four weeks.

It's a really short period that we know. We want to know that you're aware of what the users need to have working still, and that yours for next.

So what problems do you need to fix with your code base? What's the point you to fix? Generally that's a good as well.

And also things like the pathway to launch. What would you need to change in your service if it was to go live?

So it might be that you're using some, um, some third party libraries that perhaps wouldn't allow you to use that work for your own purposes,

but it could have weird copyright or licensing on them. And tell us about that.

It could be that you need to really get some security stuff out of them,

because you're aware that there are problems with like injection attacks or other things.

Tell us then then we might ask you in the Q&A because you told us it's fine, right?

So make sure you think about what would it need to really launch properly. Yeah.

And maybe ideas about how you would try and get uptake. Where would you advertise? Who would you put it into the hands of next?

If you want to try and get it, really be a thing that survives past the the natural heat death of the end of this

project where most products is going to get put in a bucket and left there forever. How will you try and overcome that?

What would you do next? Cool. So that was a whirlwind tour of all 25 criteria.

Are there any questions on these things? I will say I'll take a snapshot this later on and put it on the centre so you can read it in your own time.

My handwriting is just about legible enough that you can read over that to get a rough idea of what you're after.

any thoughts or questions? Yes, we do have lots of questions on this blog, so we'll be present in just a couple of days.

Yeah. Good question.

So if you've got lots of iterations of core features, which is fine, I would try and cherry pick, say the 3 to 5 most impactful just in terms of time.

Right. You've got 20 minutes to get through quite a lot of stuff.

And if you spend a whole five ten minutes unpacking the iterations, you'll just find that you don't have enough time to get at the end.

You're out of time. And running out of time is a really serious problem.

As I said before, you start losing marks and runs time, but then we can't ask you as many questions in the Q&A.

So criteria where you haven't scored robots or zeros and ones where we're going to focus on trying to ask you questions to try and bump you up,

but we want you to do as well as you possibly can. And if we think you've missed something, we've gone over it too quickly.

We'll try and ask you a question to help you refine that. I'm not guaranteeing you will definitely achieve it in the presentation,

but hopefully we'll give you a chance to try and make that grade up to a higher mark.

Otherwise, it currently is. Any other questions about anything here?

Yeah. So I think for an effective iteration discussion, seeing what changed show don't tell is more effective is telling us what to change.

So yeah, I think be very careful if it's all text only what you describing we can't visualise that.

So I think I would definitely say yes. Some visual cues should be there don't have to be on one slide.

It could be over a few slides right. It could be like every slide could be A to B.

And then next slide B to c, c to d, d to E with some pictures and some feedback that gets you that.

That's a perfectly fine presentation I think trying to get all I say 3 to 5 is approximate, right?

Just understand what's impactful. What had a significant change to how your UI looks or how the workflow works within the system?

Pull out those key moments and you don't want more than about five per interactions.

Otherwise, it's just too much volume of content. Won't get through it in time. So yeah, and it's not about the number you have.

It's about the quality that you show in those.

So you might be able to show in just three steps the quality and say, these were our main moments to do three really well thought out,

chosen moments and show how that really changed things was better than here are five moments.

They're all a bit messy. That don't really make a big difference, right? The second one even has more content.

Score lower because it's not well chosen content or not really relevant content.

Cool thoughts. Questions about presentation stuff in the middle.

Yes, sir. I believe in the ads in the first place.

That has some very elaborate suggestions for us. At the very beginning you said the introduction.

That was an introduction for 3 to 5 minutes somewhere, and there would be a minimum, which is apparently acceptable for the regular demonstration.

So what I mean by that is you might want to, when you have your how might we say.

Right. And then you might say here's insert name here application.

You might want at that point to show a very quick demo just to get an idea of what it does.

It can work quite well, doesn't always work well, but for final year presentation,

I often say that don't leave people waiting until the very, very end of the presentation to see it doing something.

Your service is the star of the show here, so make sure you get to demoing it fairly early, but that means showing a very small journey.

But again, I think what I would say here is the journey story makes more sense. Doing a user journey, showing how it solves problems.

What I mean is you do five minutes get to how might we? And then the very next thing you should do should probably be digging into what happens now.

Yeah. And don't leave it for too long. Don't start telling us what it can do and telling us all the great things it does.

Just start showing us almost immediately. Yes. Right after the outline.

Because yeah, that's probably fine. Yeah.

But what I mean is, yeah, I'm trying to help you get away from the sandwich demo idea where you kind of have loads of

presentation and then like a five minute demo and then loads another five presentation,

like it's very common in years gone past, you get ten minutes of talking,

five minutes of playing with something and then five minutes talking at the end.

And that's not a very effective style because it's not an integrated experience, right?

It feels like the demo is just a side afterthought of the whole thing. Better than having the demo right at the end.

Like the worst thing you can do is do the entire presentation, including summaries and conclusions, and then demo at the end.

That's awful. Right? That would kill you zero for sure on that criteria,

because it's just a very bad way of presenting something you need for 15 minutes before we finally see anything happening.

So you have to try and avoid that. Cool.

I think I want to move on briefly and talk about the documentation submissions. So we have time on this.

So there's two things here that are quite lightweight and one which is a bit more heavyweight.

But most of the work should have been done already effectively.

So you've got these two documents that have been marked by the computer team that are leaflet,

which you've already put something up onto the spreadsheet anyway.

I haven't locked it, so if you want to jump up there, you can still do. There's no changing slots anymore.

I moved a couple of groups around in the slots to make the starts a bit more sensible for everybody.

There's some weird gaps here, and I think one group got moved on the Wednesday, so just double check your times to make sure.

Um, yes, the leaflet is here basically to generate some excitement.

The idea is I'm going to email around the staff and the department later today and say, hey, your two teams are doing stuff.

You might want to watch them present in a couple of days.

We don't tend to get a lot of people around because everyone's busy doing other stuff as well.

With your projects coming up. We'll see. Um, but this is market over a few very small criteria.

You can basically read them. Do you have a name? Is it like, got something?

A nice native thing? Um, do you put a good mock up screenshot?

Um, I do a screenshot. Um, into the leaflet itself to see what it's doing, and it should be showing a moment of key interaction, ideally.

Um, do you have you define what the problem is? Have you defined who it's for and have you defined what the solution is?

Right. So you're trying to summarise those five things onto a little leaflet.

Basically get some insight about this is a cool thing. It solves a problem in this way.

It's a bit different to an impact asset right.

Because it's more advertising what you do, it's not going into as much detail as an impact as I would focus here on direct user benefits.

Right. So this is more of a direct article, whereas the um, the impact asset will have a direct and indirect benefits to you.

But this is more of a directed the one person who's using it right now, the benefit you get.

So it'd be something you see on the tube on a poster, or maybe hand out career fair or something like that could be used.

Um, the second thing is this copyright legal report.

So here this is basically following on from the law theory and the law lectures.

Just to reflect on your own project with the legal contents, you've learned this term in mind.

Um, so what we're looking for here is basically an understanding of where does your project fit within the wider legal space.

So the first thing I want you to have is a list of any third party resources you've used, along with the licenses they're in.

And the best way to present that is in a table, which basically is thing.

And then the license it uses to one side and down the page and clustered them together in some way.

A lot of you are probably use frameworks that maybe have a lot of random library inclusions.

So if you go to that node, I think node can do an export.

Don't give us every single tiny, tiny thing that you have used, because they won't fit nicely on a page, right?

Highlight to the kind of the library you included. And don't worry about the library's included.

That's not important. I don't care what libraries include, just the libraries you actively included in your code.

Those are the libraries we care about and the content you actually use.

If you use a bunch of imagery that isn't yours, give us the site where you pull them down.

Don't give us every single icon that you added too much information. Give us our icons came from this package right at that level of analysis.

So basically every time you had a library or a resource you went to that can be amalgamated in some way.

Please do or do not want to see people posting on SDM today, which bound to us saying,

oh, it won't fit on one page because we've got 10,000 import things. Summarise it down a little bit, right.

It's not an it's not an existence proof of every single thing you've done.

We're not actually assessing every single little tiny thing to make sure the license is correct.

We want broadly to know what the things you used were and what letters they have,

and specific licenses in terms of the license type, not the licenses themselves.

Right. I don't care about the wording of every license I care.

Is it BSD, is it GP2, is it MIT? That level of detail is enough just to be aware of what you've used.

So the first two things that you've got a table list, a list of all the things that aren't yours,

everything's third party and that those things all have a clearly linked license that applies to them because they do.

They will have you go and look through their their code bases or their GitHub properties or whatever.

Then there are three things to unpack here in terms of what implications of the law applied to your project.

First one is probably the easiest one.

The licenses those licenses will impose upon you certain restrictions about what you can and can't do with your project.

If you were to publish it for real. Pretend that you are going to publish it for real on GitHub or wherever.

Work out what you would have to do to be compliant with the licenses that you're subject to.

Okay, that's the first thing you do. The second thing is about copyright. So that's separate.

That's not about the code you've got. That's now about content on your service probably.

Right. Who owns the copyright of content on your service? Whose job is it to make sure the law is not broken?

There are various things you can do there about those things, but there are some requirements on you about how you use that content.

Use other people's content and how you work with that content and who owns it, etc. so we'll have to think about that as well.

And that could be also things like if you have used so the libraries and things will be more linked to licenses,

whereas things like icon packages or other images and placeholders you're using might be linked to actual copyright.

Right. So they're different. So I would include those in that case as well.

So if you've got a whole bunch of placeholder text or placeholder images, or maybe your logo is not actually your own logo or something,

then just be clear about who would own that and who is to go talk to and pay.

If you want to use that permanent, you're not going to have to pay for anything, right?

But who would a group in the future have to go and talk to to negotiate contracts on those things?

If you want to use those copyrighted things really in a published real world situation.

And the final thing is wider legal implications, that is what else is at play here.

So it could be reflecting on how GDPR would apply it to your project.

It could be thinking about what you would do if people uploaded malicious content to your site or inappropriate content to your site,

how would you deal with that kind of thing? Those kind of scopes.

Anything that's not covered by licensing law and copyright law will be covered in that last other part.

Anything that you think is applicable to your thing, roughly one paragraph each of those things should be plenty of text.

It's not an exercise of how much you can write, it's just showing us an awareness of what parts of the law applied to you on that side of things.

Does that make sense? So a table filling up about half the page and then a few paragraphs underneath that,

that fill up the rest of the page should be enough with the leaflets. Again, these things are both A4 pages.

If you want a double sided leaflet, if it's a triple folding thing,

you can do two A4 sides because you lose a lot of real estate on the page from all the folding margin spaces.

If it's a card that's two sided, make it A5. Put it on one page.

If it's any other poster, one side. So everyone's working that same rule.

That's just about making sure that we don't have to read huge amounts of text

content to make sure everyone's got the same amount of text space to use,

but the only way you could go double a A4 size is if it's a free, free tier photo leaflet.

And that's because the margins of those things will cost you a lot of tech space.

So just being fair about that to give everyone the same real estate to work within. Yeah.

Question. The impact of an impact is entirely separate to this discussion.

This is about your leaflets. Yeah. This is the leaflet not the impact asset.

The asset can be whatever form you want it to be. But again don't go crazy with them with these things.

A couple of pages maximum for an impact asset. Cool.

So that's those two things. The last one is the HCD portfolio. So you can read this text in your own time.

Broadly speaking what we're looking for here, let me go through this at the end is that it's to pull together the various research documents you might

have been working on behind the scenes that you were unable to present to us across the whole project,

because there'll be loads of stuff that you've done that we couldn't see in the last time because they weren't long enough.

So this is the chance to put it all together and to present it to us. Do you want to say a few words about this?

Um, yeah. So this is your opportunity to show what your process has been like.

So you might not have had the chance to talk about how you develop your persona and what you chose to put in there.

Where did you get your your data from? What inspired you?

So, um, like Mark said, a lot of the stuff that you've been using or should have been using in your project work,

um, are things that you've learnt from and maybe you found it really challenging.

We kind of want to hear that too. So it's showing us how you might have developed a persona, showing us your reflections on the how might we.

So all of the different things appear, uh, in all of our lectures and are in the playbook.

What did you use? What did you find useful? What did you find challenging, and what made the most impact to your work?

And just be honest about that, really. So it's um, like we said at the beginning,

it's a kind of if if you get an interview with somebody and they asked to talk about a project you've been working on,

they look at the idea, they might look at, you know, your proposition, but they want to know more often than not, how did you get there?

What was your process? What was your approach? What was your thinking and critical critical analysis?

So, um, yeah, it's a list of, um, methods up there.

But there's there's more behind it in your reasoning, really? Yeah.

Anything you've made on a human centred or design approach as part of the project should probably be pulled together here.

Don't throw every single tiny piece of kitchen sink at the problem.

It's about collating the ones together that you think makes sense, or you're most proud of what worked well for you.

Um, the criteria here kind of give you the rough categories, right?

So it's like about the people that are involved in that.

So how have you how have you what various techniques and documentation have you used to help you define the people?

I think that persona documentations, um, but also stakeholder maps,

those kind of things I would expect to be covered in kind of these two criteria here are kind of saying

it's kind of persona and stakeholder maps of the things and understanding of the current and future state.

So that should be things like current journey maps and future journey maps later on.

Um, you've also got things like any insights you've got, showing a bit of the evidence you gathered from researching and studying.

Don't show every single bit of evidence gathered, but maybe the things you put in the presentation go well here as well,

because they're the ones you're highlighting as being the most proud of or most impactful, um, on your project.

Um. Yeah.

So it's about. Yeah.

Current state is the top one, and it's about the, um, the insights you gathered and then the opportunity statement, I guess the how might.

We should probably be on a page somewhere, though, because I think we want to see as part of the process as well.

Then you've got your testing validation. So this is the user testing, but the actual development testing as you went through things.

So again, show you probably can't show video clips as a PDF. So video is a pretty bit tricky to embed.

Waste time with that. But you can show a few images of clips and a few bits of text that you pulled out in quotation

marks to show us the sort of content and the sort of interaction you want to show us.

Your design for, how you're structuring your interviews, how are you? What were the questions you're asking?

What was the way you're approaching that you've got your research methodology that you would have drawn out in the first week?

Why not put that in here somewhere and show us what your plans research were back at the beginning of the project, and talk a bit about those as well.

Um, yeah. Again, in the playbook there were some, um, there were some templates to show your reasoning, like What did you want to learn in the week?

What the questions are going to use to get the feedback? How did you earn based on that?

How did you set the context to the users that you tested?

With all of those things, we really want to know here about your approach in order to get really good feedback.

That's kind of like helped you come up with new ideas.

Yeah, broadly speaking, it's feedback iterations and analysis down these three criteria here here.

So show us the feedback you got. Show us the iterations you did with that. And then kind of show us the analysis you're using to make next choices.

And if you get it in, you don't want to go into excessive detail in a similar detail that you got for the final presentation.

You know,

a couple of core interactions show us how you refine them over 3 to 5 iterations to give us an idea of the approach taking on that sort of things,

and then the impact stuff. This is about your impact asset. Surprise, surprise.

And here is basically direct impact and indirect impact.

So very similar to how we assessed the ones we saw last Friday.

But now a more detailed evaluation of both of those things rather than just did you kind of cover the areas in the general terms.

So please take on the feedback we gave you last Friday about the assets to improve them before this Friday as well.

It's got a high level whip through, but the idea is this one's unlimited in length, but don't go mad.

I think if it's more than about 30 pages, you've probably gone way too big.

I reckon typically they're about 15 pages. 20 pages. It should be highly visual with some sort of minimal reflections.

That's the idea. But most of the documentation you've been doing and preparing behind the scenes,

particularly stuff that you couldn't show us in the master review sessions where you really kind of

wanted to you feel like it maybe showcases better how you were working or showcase your ideas better,

but the master review didn't cover that in a nice way.

They would be good things to put into this documentation, just to kind of get some credit from them,

or allow us to see them and give you credit for those things. Right. So this carries quite a bit of credit of the entire module.

It's 15% or more or 15% is 80% of of 20% isn't it.

So it's about 16% of the entire module in the portfolio. So it's worth just spending some time collating that together.

We want a bit of reflection about how you found the process, but it should be about no more than one A4 side in total,

but you can spread it across the document as you want to write. It's a bit of a reflection on how you found certain processes, how you found the easy,

hard, useful, what were challenging, what was, what would you learn from them?

Read a bit of that through the report at various points of time as well. Be nice to see. So it's not just a huge pile of unguided thing,

but at least have sections of some kind to break up documents in some way so

we can read through it and kind of know what we're seeing and try and follow.

Probably this approximate flow would be good to try and follow through, because it's kind of the flow of the project, right?

It's the the people at the beginning. Then what did you learn about them?

And then what do we do to help make things better? And then what do we get to at the end? Is the rough flow of the document here.

So try and pull this list here. So try and approximately flow that flow through so it's coherent.

And don't make it too hard for your assessor to to pick through it and work out what you've done.

Well any last question is a hand up here to you here as a slide jumper.

Yeah. It's not a folder, it's a PDF. It's a single document. So it needs to be submitted as one one document.

We're not going to try and pick through a folder of random stuff in random order, because that's not fair enough, right?

You need to collect the experience a bit, so it's one PDF. We don't do Zips missions in year two.

Everything is git. Um. Or PDFs. Um, yeah.

So if you click Create the Experience, collate what you want to showcase up and show us off to us in that document for the portfolio.

No question yet. All this stuff.

Is that stuff you. Know only stuff that's part of your app is worried about.

So if you've used stock images as part of your presentation, or if your presentation slide theme deck don't care, that's that's not the point.

It's the actual code itself. Actual project itself is what we care about.

So if someone if someone were to carry it on at the end of DRP, if you want to try and do it over the summer or in a future year,

or set it off to start off, whatever, then then what would they need to be aware of if that did not extend?

That it will happen in this case, but if that were happening,

what would they need to be aware of in terms of what they do and don't own within that project? And what is it that they're subject to?

Because that would affect how you could market these things in the future. The idea. But just to ask you to reflect, again,

it's kind of fitting in or tying off the story that came through the law lectures that you've been through, that content you've done.

You listened to David and talk about things. You've done a little laudatory.

Now, what does it mean to apply it to this project, just to kind of complete that story in some sense?

Cool. Any other last thoughts before you wrap up your questions?

You've got them, of course, over the week.

Just bear in mind that after I think I said about 8 p.m. today, 7 p.m. today, I'm not going to answer that question presentation.

So for fairness, I'm not going to start asking questions about presentations on Tuesday.

Then people can get on Wednesday only that would be unfair, right? So this evening. That's it.

No more questions on presentations, documentation you can ask.

Just bear in mind that I'm going to be in presentations for all of Tuesday and all of Wednesday.

And there's been presentations on all of Tuesday of the Thursday and Friday.

So I'm going to be answering this in small gaps between presentations and maybe in the evenings.

I'm not going to have a lot of time to help them edit them, so just be mindful that I will be responsive as it can be,

but I can't promise to be seeing it quite as quick as I have been. Maybe over the weekend.

Just gone this week, just because I'm seeing something like 60 presentations between this week and next week.

So please pity me in that sense. Otherwise good luck.

Look forward to seeing everyone presents this week.

Um, don't do anything I did this morning in terms of presenting because that would be bad and have a good time, hopefully.

I hope you enjoy it and be proud of what you've done. You've achieved something really amazing over these four weeks.

Be proud of that. Post.

